hello there welcome to United today from
tour 2015 presented by a on out here in
the United States of America where
United are delighted to announce the
signing of a new goal Cuba Sergio Romero
the 28 year old Argentina International
has joined the club and Louis van hull
and of course everyone at Manchester is
delighted to welcome him here to the
United States tour yes the club of
released an official statement and this
is what it says Manchester United is
delighted to announce that Sergio Romero
has signed a three-year contract with
the option to extend for a further year
Romero 28 made his senior debut in the
Argentine Premier Division with racing
club in 2007 he went on to play for a
Dogma and more recently Sampdoria Sergio
has represented his country on many
occasions and was an integral part of
Argentina's 2014 World Cup squad in
Brazil who were defeated in the final by
Germany Sergio Romero said I'm
absolutely delighted to join Manchester
United to play for the biggest club in
the world is a dream come true for me
Louie van Gaal is a fantastic manager
and I cannot wait to get started on this
new and exciting challenge in my career
well as for Louie van Howell this is
what he said Sergio is a very talented
goalkeeper he was a young keeper during
my time at AZ Alkmaar and I'm delighted
he's joining Manchester United Sergio
had a fantastic World Cup last summer in
Brazil although that is something I have
to put to the back of my mind it'll be a
great addition to the team and I'm
looking forward to working with him once
again yes so good to hear quotes from
the manager and indeed the new play
himself but as you'd expect here on MUTV
we have the first exclusive interviews
with both on the signing of United's
latest summer recruits I caught up with
Sergio Romero to get his thoughts on the
deal said : Benito our Manchester United
gone scientist I said Akio ecomo who get
all their club Nicaea muy Feliz okay
it's a Lucas a mucho tiempo que esta
dentro de me study include Randy include
Kemal Manchester now lucky soon Allah
demons is pero pero poder de volver un
poco al Clube los inch a little area gay
tangos Oh India yes the psyche con con
ganas no they who are a ganar Trofeo
también tenía una comida here encased
our
sylia de una de este Club que pasa
muchas cosas por la cabeza de jugar de
de comenzar enter nardelie conocer mi
compañeros int - Luke yabba Havas con
loo even hull el mr. el pasado con con
Alma entonces como es como como mr. Y
como persona también es un gran enter
now in our case del día / la cama
Seton's momento en la no domine siete y
me dijo que de hacer un Portero que
pasaba surge or new neurons numero si de
su equipo y un cambio muy importante mi
vida por que a partir de mi Sagada is a
clue comenzó commence okra sir my
carrera como como Portero y es una
persona que significa mucho mi vida que
muchísimo miserable and acondo habla
bowl and a's no la inglesia yell habla
español y una persona que por lo que yo
visto del que esta abierto habla
representin la vía de todo su como todos
ooh su cuerpo de Nico and he's obviously
delighted so is his new manager as well
Mike what's up with you even how to get
his thoughts on the deal Louie another
new player has a ride to the club tell
us your thoughts yes hola mijo
goalkeeper
international call keep her from the
Athenian team he was also a former
player of me I was trading coach manager
from us I set all of mine in the
Netherlands I picked him up when he was
19 and he was a great talent and we
became champion with him with a nine
o'clock in the Netherlands it was a
fantastic result of course and I know
him very well and I think in our
situation if the hair is going or not
going it's always a threat we have to
take care that we are prepared of course
and
that's why I think it is very good that
says Romeo is now Michelle United player
well the United squad are staying on
here in San Jose their training today
and tomorrow before flying later on
Tuesday to Chicago for the final game of
the tour and they take on PSG yes should
be a fantastic occasion that looking
forward to that very much indeed don't
forget all the build-up of course on
MUTV
Man United calm and our official feeds
on Facebook Google+ Twitter and
Instagram from the sunshine in America
is goodbye